User identification policy guide (#6235)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/user-identification-policies/main/index.md

> **Notes:**
>
> * This document is only for Okta Identity Engine. See [Identify your Okta solution](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-oie-version) to determine your Okta version.
> * To configure a user identification policy rule in the Admin Console, see [Create a user identification policy rule](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=add-rule-user-id-policy).

---

#### What you need

* [Okta Integrator Free Plan org](https://developer.okta.com/signup)
* The user identification policy feature enabled for your org
* Okta Verify [activated](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Authenticator/#tag/Authenticator/operation/activateAuthenticator) as an authenticator, with the Okta FastPass method [enabled](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Authenticator/#tag/Authenticator/operation/activateAuthenticatorMethod)
* An existing [app sign-in policy](/docs/concepts/policies/#app-sign-in-policies) for the app that you want to configure
* A test [user account](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/User/#tag/User/operation/createUser)

> * A test [group](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Group/#tag/Group/operation/addGroup) in your org that the test user is added to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A test [group](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Group/#tag/Group/operation/addGroup) in your org that includes the test user
```

---

## About user identification policies

A user identification policy controls the pre-identification experience on the [Sign-In Widget](/docs/guides/custom-widget/) for an app. It applies before a user enters their username. Currently, the policy controls whether the **Sign in with Okta FastPass** button appears on the Sign-In Widget.

Previously, the **Sign in with Okta FastPass** button was an org-wide authenticator setting. The user identification policy moves this control to a per-app policy, so that you can show or hide the button for each app.

### Relationship to app sign-in policies

Each user identification policy maps one-to-one to an [app sign-in policy](/docs/concepts/policies/#app-sign-in-policies). Okta creates, maps, clones, and removes the user identification policy automatically with its app sign-in policy. You can't create, activate, update, deactivate, remove, map, or clone a user identification policy directly.

> If you call one of those operations directly, Okta returns the following error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you call one of those operations directly, Okta returns the following error: 
`This operation isn't supported in the user identification policy.`
```

> `This operation isn't supported in the user identification policy.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: Moved to the previous line.
